README.md, before:

## Description
A startpage inspired by [this post on r/startpages](https://old.reddit.com/r/startpages/comments/9pwnwh/creation_my_first_try_at_a_personalized_start_page/). I wanted the startpage to be minimal so I did not include a dock (I use the Bookmarks toolbar anyway) and I replaced the time and date with a list of supported bangs (the date and time are on the taskbar so there's no need to add them here).

## Preview
<img src="https://puu.sh/BRp1j.jpg">

## Usage
Go to https://strappazzon.github.io/startpage/

You can search any of the supported websites by typing an exclamation mark followed by its letter, followed by a space and your search query. For example:
 - `!s GitHub` would search Start Page for GitHub

The default search engine is DuckDuckGo (no need to type a bang for it). Others are:
 - !s [Start Page](https://new.startpage.com/)
 - !x [searX.me](https://searx.me/)
 - !g [Google](https://www.google.com/)
 - !w [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/)

## Requirements
Just a modern browser which support JavaScript.

## Credits
Wallpapers:
 - [WallpapersCraft](https://wallpaperscraft.com/)
 - [wallhaven](https://alpha.wallhaven.cc/)

Font:
 - [Open Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Open+Sans)

Commit message:

New backgrounds
- Added new backgrounds
- Changed the color of some bangs for better readability
- Updated README

README.md, after:

## Description
A startpage inspired by [this post on r/startpages](https://old.reddit.com/r/startpages/comments/9pwnwh/creation_my_first_try_at_a_personalized_start_page/). I wanted the startpage to be minimal so I did not include a dock (I use the browser's bookmarks toolbar) and I replaced the time and date with a list of some available bangs (the date and time are on the taskbar anyway).

## Preview
<img src="https://puu.sh/BRp1j.jpg">

## Usage
Go to https://strappazzon.github.io/startpage/

The default search engine is DuckDuckGo. You can also search with any supported websites\search engines by typing an exclamation mark followed by its letter, a space and your search query. For example:
 - `!s GitHub` would search Start Page for GitHub

This is a list of available bangs:
 - !s [Start Page](https://www.startpage.com/)
 - !x [searX.me](https://searx.me/)
 - !g [Google](https://www.google.com/)
 - !w [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/)
 - ...and [9,886+ more](https://duckduckgo.com/bang)

## Requirements
Just a modern browser which support JavaScript.

## Credits
Wallpapers:
 - [WallpapersCraft](https://wallpaperscraft.com/)
 - [wallhaven](https://alpha.wallhaven.cc/)

Font:
 - [Open Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Open+Sans)
